Allowing certain non-local hint commands inside sections (#14697)
coq/coq: doc/changelog/07-vernac-commands-and-options/14697-hint-section-locality.rst

- **Added:**
  The :cmd:`Hint Cut`, :cmd:`Hint Mode`, :cmd:`Hint Transparent` and
  :cmd:`Hint Opaque` commands now accept the :attr:`export` and :attr:`global`
  locality attributes inside sections. If so, they will furthermore trigger the

>   `non-local-section-hint` warning when they refer to local variables

Author: LGTM.

>   locality attributes inside sections. If so, they will furthermore trigger the
>   `non-local-section-hint` warning when they refer to local variables

Reviewer: With @jfehrle's suggestion:
```suggestion
  locality attributes inside sections. With either attribute, the commands will 
  trigger the `non-local-section-hint` warning if the arguments refer to local 
  section variables
```
